Changelog + Docs: Feature/trace metrics (OCS #3241) (#359)
dimagi/open-chat-studio-docs: docs/changelog.md

---

# Changelog
## Apr 30, 2026

> * **NEW** Trace detail pages now include a **Performance Metrics** section showing LLM turn count, tool call count, total tokens, input tokens, and output tokens for each pipeline execution. Metrics are collected across all LLM nodes (RouterNode and LLMResponseWithPrompt); pipelines without LLM nodes display "—" for all metrics.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **NEW** Trace detail pages now include a **Performance Metrics** section showing LLM turn count, tool call count, total tokens, input tokens, and output tokens for each pipeline execution. Metrics are collected across all LLM nodes (Router and LLM nodes); pipelines without LLM nodes display "—" for all metrics.
```
